issueAccessVc checks size of the resources array before grabbing a va… (#962)
inrupt/solid-client-access-grants-js: CHANGELOG.md

### Bugfixes

- Removed base64url dependency due to potential issues with the browser environment.

> - Descriptive error shown when trying to create an access request/approve an access grant for no resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A descriptive error is now thrown when trying to create an access request/approve an access grant for no resources. Note that previously, such call may not have thrown, but it resulted in an Access Grant granting access to nothing, which would have caused confusion when trying to use it.
```

> - Comprehensive error shown when the issuer endpoint for an access grant/request can't be computed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The error thrown when the issuer endpoint for an access grant/request cannot be computed is more comprehensive.
```
